docs/index.md, before:

[witten]: http://kg6ek7cq2b.search.serialssolutions.com/?V=1.0&L=KG6EK7CQ2B&S=JCs&C=TC0000298940&T=marc  "Witten, et al. in IUCAT"
[cb]: https://collectionbuilder.github.io "Collection Builder Home"
[omekanet]: https://omeka.net/ "Omeka hosted service"
[omekaorg]: https://omeka.org/ "Omeka Home"
{% include_relative header.md %}

![Charles “Teenie” Harris photograph of girl reading comic book.](images/5202-1680.jpg)
_Charles “Teenie” Harris. [Girl reading “Mickey Mouse and the Submarine Pirates” comic book with small dog lying across her lap, inGeorge Harris’s confectionery store, 2121 Wylie Avenue, Hill District](https://collection.cmoa.org/objects/c0c9fc36-1f44-4f08-ad24-6fdc69f61a30). 1947._
# Contents
- [General information](general.md)
- [Assignments](assignments.md)
- Discussions
- [Resources](comics-studies-resources.html)

# Schedule
- [Week 1](week01.md) _(2024-01-31)_: Introductions
- [Week 2](week02.md) _(2024-02-07)_: Fan studies
- [Week 3](week03.md) _(2024-02-14)_: Comics culture
- [Week 4](week04.md) _(2024-02-21)_: Paratexts and fan mail
- [Week 5](week05.md) _(2024-02-28)_: Comics in special collections and archives
- [Week 6](week06.md) _(2024-03-06)_: Building a corpus
- Spring Break _(2024-03-13)_: No Class.
- [Week 7](week07.md) _(2024-03-20)_: Text analysis
- [Week 8](week08.md) _(2024-03-27)_: Text analysis lab
- [Week 9](week09.md) _(2024-04-03)_: Data sets and visualization
- [Week 10](week10.md) _(2024-04-10)_: Data visualization lab
- [Week 11](week11.md) _(2024-04-17)_: Fanzines and maker culture
- [Week 12](week12.md) _(2024-04-24)_: Fandom on social media

Commit message:

Add Lilly Library for week 5

docs/index.md, after:

[witten]: http://kg6ek7cq2b.search.serialssolutions.com/?V=1.0&L=KG6EK7CQ2B&S=JCs&C=TC0000298940&T=marc  "Witten, et al. in IUCAT"
[cb]: https://collectionbuilder.github.io "Collection Builder Home"
[omekanet]: https://omeka.net/ "Omeka hosted service"
[omekaorg]: https://omeka.org/ "Omeka Home"
{% include_relative header.md %}

![Charles “Teenie” Harris photograph of girl reading comic book.](images/5202-1680.jpg)
_Charles “Teenie” Harris. [Girl reading “Mickey Mouse and the Submarine Pirates” comic book with small dog lying across her lap, inGeorge Harris’s confectionery store, 2121 Wylie Avenue, Hill District](https://collection.cmoa.org/objects/c0c9fc36-1f44-4f08-ad24-6fdc69f61a30). 1947._
# Contents
- [General information](general.md)
- [Assignments](assignments.md)
- Discussions
- [Resources](comics-studies-resources.html)

# Schedule
- [Week 1](week01.md) _(2024-01-31)_: Introductions
- [Week 2](week02.md) _(2024-02-07)_: Fan studies
- [Week 3](week03.md) _(2024-02-14)_: Comics culture
- [Week 4](week04.md) _(2024-02-21)_: Paratexts and fan mail
- [Week 5](week05.md) _(2024-02-28)_: Comics in special collections and archives   
**(Class will meet at the [Lilly Library](https://maps.apple.com/?address=1200%20E%20Seventh%20St,%20Bloomington,%20IN%20%2047405,%20United%20States&auid=1366294706055500952&ll=39.167851,-86.519029&lsp=9902&q=Lilly%20Library))**
- [Week 6](week06.md) _(2024-03-06)_: Building a corpus
- Spring Break _(2024-03-13)_: No Class.
- [Week 7](week07.md) _(2024-03-20)_: Text analysis
- [Week 8](week08.md) _(2024-03-27)_: Text analysis lab
- [Week 9](week09.md) _(2024-04-03)_: Data sets and visualization
- [Week 10](week10.md) _(2024-04-10)_: Data visualization lab
- [Week 11](week11.md) _(2024-04-17)_: Fanzines and maker culture
- [Week 12](week12.md) _(2024-04-24)_: Fandom on social media
