docs/week04.md, before:

{% include_relative header.md %}

# Week 4: Fanzines and maker culture

## Summary
This week we will learn about the history of comics fanzines and prozines and, in small groups, create small fanzines in class.

## Weekly Learning Objectives

- *define* the terms fanzine and prozine and *list* examples of each from comics and other fandoms.
- *explain* the origins and history of comic book fanzines and *identify* some of the major figures and publications.
- *create* a small, simple fanzine.
- *design* fanzine-related programming and workshops.
 
## Before class: Readings, resources, and tasks
- O’Brien, E. (2012). [Zines: A personal history](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/obrien2012.pdf). New England Review, 33(2), 89–99. Retrieved from <https://muse.jhu.edu/article/484798>
- Schelly, W. (2003). [Fanzine Mania](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/schelly_golden_ch8_2003.pdf) . _The golden age of comic fandom_ (Rev. ed.). Seattle, WA: Hamster Press.
- Ratto, M. (2011). [Critical making: Conceptual and material studies in technology and social life](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/ratto2011.pdf). *The Information Society, 27*(4), 252–260. <https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2011.583819>

### Fanzine production activity
- Prepare for the fanzine production activity:
	- You may use the time in class to brainstorm, plan, organize, and gather materials form the internet for your fanzine.
	- If you want to actually work on making the fanzine in class:  
		- If working with a partner, communicate with your partner about fanzine topics, features, and ideas
		- Generate text and gather images for your fanzine
		- Bring any crafting supplies you'd like to work with in class as you make your fanzine with your group. I will bring large sheets of blank paper, markers, crayons, scissors, and a few old comics to cut up, but feel free to bring additional supplies.

## In class

- Fanzine production

Commit message:

Fix typos and add Canvas participation notes
Corrected a misspelling in docs/week02.md ("Particpate" → "Participate"), removed extra spacing/period formatting in docs/week04.md, and added "Participate in online discussion on Canvas." to docs/week03.md and docs/week04.md. Minor formatting cleanup across the weekly docs.

docs/week04.md, after:

{% include_relative header.md %}

# Week 4: Fanzines and maker culture

## Summary
This week we will learn about the history of comics fanzines and prozines and, in small groups, create small fanzines in class.

## Weekly Learning Objectives

- *define* the terms fanzine and prozine and *list* examples of each from comics and other fandoms.
- *explain* the origins and history of comic book fanzines and *identify* some of the major figures and publications.
- *create* a small, simple fanzine.
- *design* fanzine-related programming and workshops.
 
## Before class: Readings, resources, and tasks
- O’Brien, E. (2012). [Zines: A personal history](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/obrien2012.pdf). New England Review, 33(2), 89–99. Retrieved from <https://muse.jhu.edu/article/484798>
- Schelly, W. (2003). [Fanzine Mania](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/schelly_golden_ch8_2003.pdf). _The golden age of comic fandom_ (Rev. ed.). Seattle, WA: Hamster Press.
- Ratto, M. (2011). [Critical making: Conceptual and material studies in technology and social life](https://indiana.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/msteams_36a456/Shared%20Documents/z616/ratto2011.pdf). *The Information Society, 27*(4), 252–260. <https://doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2011.583819>
- Participate in online discussion on Canvas.

### Fanzine production activity
- Prepare for the fanzine production activity:
	- You may use the time in class to brainstorm, plan, organize, and gather materials form the internet for your fanzine.
	- If you want to actually work on making the fanzine in class:  
		- If working with a partner, communicate with your partner about fanzine topics, features, and ideas
		- Generate text and gather images for your fanzine
		- Bring any crafting supplies you'd like to work with in class as you make your fanzine with your group. I will bring large sheets of blank paper, markers, crayons, scissors, and a few old comics to cut up, but feel free to bring additional supplies.

## In class

- Fanzine production
