docs/week05.md, before:

# Week 5: Comics in special collections and archives

## Summary
This week we will explore comics in special collections and archives and how such collections can facilitate research into comic book readership and fandom. Our class time this week will be spent at Indiana University’s Lilly Library exploring their comics-related holdings.

[Lilly Library on Apple Maps](https://maps.apple.com/?address=1200%20E%20Seventh%20St,%20Bloomington,%20IN%20%2047405,%20United%20States&auid=1366294706055500952&ll=39.167851,-86.519029&lsp=9902&q=Lilly%20Library&t=m).

## Weekly Learning Objectives
- _identify_ important collections relevant to comics research
- _discover_ the comics-related collections in Indiana University’s Lilly Library
- _find_ specific items in major comics-related collections
 
## Before class: Readings, resources, and tasks
  - Miller, R. (2018). From the Archives: The Queer Zine Archive Project. _Inks, 2_(3), 369–389. <https://doi.org/10.1353/ink.2018.0025>
  - Pflug, W. (2021). From the Archives: Vernon E. Grant Collection. _Inks, 5_(2), 209–224. <https://doi.org/10.1353/ink.2021.0011>

## In class

Commit message:

Add Lilly Library for week 5

docs/week05.md, after:

# Week 5: Comics in special collections and archives

**Important!: Class will meet at the [Lilly Library](https://maps.apple.com/?address=1200%20E%20Seventh%20St,%20Bloomington,%20IN%20%2047405,%20United%20States&auid=1366294706055500952&ll=39.167851,-86.519029&lsp=9902&q=Lilly%20Library) this week!**

## Summary
This week we will explore comics in special collections and archives and how such collections can facilitate research into comic book readership and fandom. Our class time this week will be spent at Indiana University’s Lilly Library exploring their comics-related holdings.

[Lilly Library on Apple Maps](https://maps.apple.com/?address=1200%20E%20Seventh%20St,%20Bloomington,%20IN%20%2047405,%20United%20States&auid=1366294706055500952&ll=39.167851,-86.519029&lsp=9902&q=Lilly%20Library&t=m).

## Weekly Learning Objectives
- _identify_ important collections relevant to comics research
- _discover_ the comics-related collections in Indiana University’s Lilly Library
- _find_ specific items in major comics-related collections
 
## Before class: Readings, resources, and tasks
  - Miller, R. (2018). From the Archives: The Queer Zine Archive Project. _Inks, 2_(3), 369–389. <https://doi.org/10.1353/ink.2018.0025>
  - Pflug, W. (2021). From the Archives: Vernon E. Grant Collection. _Inks, 5_(2), 209–224. <https://doi.org/10.1353/ink.2021.0011>

## In class
